Did what was needed.
You and Phim didn't needto beat the shit out of him.
He needed to be
taught a lesson.
If Dee's right, he
talked to McCarthy.
He crossed the line.
He knew what that meant.
He knew what had happened.
He was on the bones of his assand McCarthy was all over him.
Doesn't make any difference.
Rita.
Hello, Bert.
How are you holding up?
I'm good.
Thought you might
like some of these.
I know Bert swears he nevergave McCarthy anything on us.
And I believe him.
But a narc is a narc
and he had to go.
Ah, lamingtons.
Thanks, Rita.
Means a lot.
It's nothing, Bert.
Just paving a road, that's all.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
The road to hell, you bastard.
It's done, guys.
Bert's out.
We find a new driver.
Heads up.
Mr. McCarthy.
Suppose you boys have
been here all afternoon?
- Yeah, that's right.
- Yeah.
And you know nothing about it?
About what?
Your mate.
Bert Thompson.
He's your mate, not ours.
Is that so, Ted?
Is that why he's currentlylying in hospital?
An inch away from fucking death.
No?
Nothing?
No idea how he ended
up eating a lamington
laced with rat poison?
I'm no fan of Bert, but hedidn't fucking deserve that.
You were weak
when you should have
been strong, shown
everyone what happens
when you narc on Ted West.
But Bert didn't give us up.
What about all the jobs
you've done in the past?
Bert was weak.
Sooner or later he wouldhave given up on one of them.
You can tie on
the [inaudible]..
Last I heard, he's still alive.
Just.
Well, he's dead to me.
Yeah, but not actually dead.
So what happens if hepoints the finger at you?
Have you got that part
of your plan sorted?
I won't deny it if I'm asked.
That's attempted murder, Rita.
Only if he lives.
Don't give me that look.
Bert Thompson does not deserveto breathe the same air as us.
Jesus, Rita.
I thought we left this
shit behind years ago.
What?
No.
No, you hold on right there.
This has nothing
to do with that.
Doesn't it?
Killing Bert over this?
That's not rational.
That's the act of a mad woman.
How fucking dare you?
Really?
Because right now I'm
scared what might happen
to me next time I piss you off.
How can you say that, Ted?
You know I would
never, ever hurt you.
Just our son.
I told you, that has
nothing to do with--
What?
You trying to kill our child?
If I hadn't stopped
you, he would be dead.
RITA: That was different!
How would I know?
I didn't understand that!
I don't get this!
You explain to the difference!
It had to be done!
No, it didn't!
It did!
Why did you try and kill me?
I didn't.
Dad just said you did.
Wolf, , you need
to go back to bed.
We can talk about this tomorrow.
What had I done wrong?
You hadn't done
anything wrong.
You were just a baby.
I thought you loved me.
Wolf.
Hey, your mother wasn't well.
Hey!
It was a long time ago.
Now, come on.
It's late.
Get to bed.
Rita!
[theme music]
[inaudible] Sounds
like [inaudible]..
We're progressing.
Phineas, where's the cash?
Well, I bought some
stuff for the shop.
I wrote those up
too, like you said.
Bloody hell, Phineas.
This is more than you
pay for the stuff new.
Really?
Yes, really.
That would explain why
they were all so happy.
Plus I took some to buy somenew clothes for my meeting
with Carol.
Thought I'd look nice, you know?
Think she wants me back, dude.
Uh, huh.
And I'll definitely ask
her if she's seen Rita.
You don't have to do that.
[phone rings]
The Galleria.
So I get a call from the school.
You told your math teacher togo fuck himself and walked out?
- I don't like math.
- It's school.
You're not mean to like it.
You're just meant to go.
What's the point?
The point?
The point is, you have to.
Why?
Because it's the law.
That's rich coming from you.
This is where you say, wait tillyour mother gets home, right?
She'll be back.
She just needs time, that's all.
It's been two months, Dad.
And do you even
know where she is?
Exactly.
[door slams]
Why do they call
you Christmas?
Everyone here
has another name.
I'm Carol, so they
call me Christmas.
All right.
Hm.
Also, I'm very giving.
Have you met my friend, Mandy?
Yes, please.
Hold that thought, Tiger.
I have to go find Mother.
Your mother?
Our dab mother.
I think I'm going
to be bad again.
You don't need my
permission, Carol.
I just thought
you should know.
Now I do.
Oh, do whatever or
whoever you want.
I'm busy here.
So I see.
She said disapproving.
I don't like you
doing that stuff.
It fills the void.
I need you, Bilkey.
No, you need Rita.
Think if I knew
where she was, we'd
be having this conversation?
Have you heard from her?
I know you talk to her.
Not since that day.
Can you at least
talk to Phineas?
Just give him some tips.
You stand behind the counter.
You serve the bloody customers.
It's not rocket science.
Oh, bugger.
Hey, guys.
Here for a meeting, Bert?
Hey?
No, just a beer.
Yeah, I was
going to say, don't
see McCarthy here anywhere.
I don't do that shit anymore.
Oh, he visited
you in hospital?
Bought you flowers?
No way.
You know they reckon I was abouta minute away from dying, hey?
Doesn't mean we're goingto kiss and make up, Bert.
I didn't say a word aboutyour wife trying to kill me.
It's going to prove
something, hey?
What are you doing here?
Having a beer, talking to Ted.
Pretty sure he doesn't
want to talk to you.
So, fuck off.
I could have.
I didn't.
What did that prick want?
Absolution.
But he's not even a Catholic.
It's a figure of
speech, Phineas.
You all right, Ted?
It's all turning to shit.
Everything is just, just shit.
Geez, Ted.
Are you crying?
It's OK, mate.
Sorry, sorry, I just uh--
[music playing]
[bottles clanking]
Rita.
Sorry, Ted, only me.
Sorry.
It's all right.
I just popped in to
see what needs doing.
Forgotten what a
sound sleeper you are.
Yeah.
Oh, Christ, what's the A
Relax.
I got Wolf off to school.
You did?
A few harsh words werespoken, but eventually he
got the message.
Thank you.
Why don't you go
and have a shower?
And I'll make some breakfast.
You're fighting
a losing battle.
Force of habit.
[SINGING] Lying in the gutter.
Cut the cord from the mother.
I'm not your mother.
You're the mother to usall flown in from the West
to make all our lives better.
You make me
sound like a witch.
And we're all
under your spell.
Do all
Use talk as much shit as you?
What time is it?
Breakfast time.
I have to go
and do that thing.
Talk to Phineas.
Yeah, I know, he said.
- You want to come?
- Why would I?
Thought you might.
Thought wrong.
OK.
[SINGING] She
come into my house,
trouble, trouble, trouble.
Shut up.
Carol, there is one
thing you can do.
- Hi, Wolfie.
- [inaudible], Carol.
How you doing?
Your mom asked me to
give you a message.
- Why?
- What?
Why can't she
give me the message?
She didn't say.
She just said for me totell you that she loves you.
- How?
- What?
How does she love me?
I don't know what you mean.
I don't know what she means.
She loves me, but she triedto kill me when I was a baby.
I didn't know that.
So I don't know what it meanswhen she says she loves me.
Can I tell her you're OK?
But I'm not so why say I am?
I'm going to go now.
Is there anything you wantto say to your mother?
Yeah.
But I want to say
it to her, not you.
You don't have
to do this, Ngaire.
Someone has to.
Have you heard from her?
No.
Have you
[chuckle]
I'm the last person
to get in touch with.
Not quite.
Have you spoken to the police?
Why?
Because she topped herself?
That's not Rita's style.
I meant a missing
persons thingie.
She's not missing.
She's just gone.
I should get on, hey?
Find us a job.
Get some bloody money coming in.
How did it go last night?
Lefty arrived in the wee small.
Said you were out casing a job?
Oh, right yeah.
You know.
Yeah, I do.
Hi.
Hi, Phineas.
You look different,
but still beautiful.
Thank you.
I've got these for you.
You shouldn't have done that.
I like getting you flowers.
And Bilkey says that
if you got something
you want to say to a lady,you should give them flowers.
Bilkey knows a lot about ladies.
Yeah, he does.
So I got these for you.
OK.
[clears throat]
I was the one that
wanted to talk to you.
I know.
But I think I know what
you're going to say.
And I wanted to say yes.
To the divorce?
The what?
I want to get a divorce.
What did you think
I was going to say?
That you were coming back.
Can we go inside and getsomething to eat while we talk?
I'm kind of cold and Ihaven't eaten for a few days.
Can we do that,
Phin, sit and talk?
Mates?
Lefty.
Did you follow up on that job?
Straight get into
business, are we?
Well, weren't you
out all night doing it?
Hey?
Tell us about the gold dealer.
Shut up shop.
Moved to Brisbane,
thereby raising
the IQ of both countries.
[chuckling]
That's what Muldoon said.
I know what the
little pig said,
and you know not to mentionhis name in my presence.
Brisbane's going off.
Well, that's no
bloody good, is it?
We need a job
here, not Brisbane.
Look, I ran into a bloke,guy i know from the rag trade,
reckon he could throw
some work our way.
What, in the rag trade?
He's not in the
rag trade any more.
Well, what sort
of trade is he in?
The drug trade.
No.
No way.
A lot of money in
drugs these days.
We're not drug dealers.
We're not bloody robbers
at the moment, are we?
Could be a sideline
between actual jobs.
He wants to meet.
There's a party as
Des McEwen's place.
Sorry.
Sorry I'm late.
Geez.
Have you been calling as well?
Just been to see Carol.
Thought she was
coming back, hey?
Do tell she wants a divorce.
And I thought-- oh,
I still love her.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
What is wrong with
the men of this gang?
They're just women.
You still got cocks so finsomeone else to stick it into.
Yeah, good advice, Lefty.
It needed to be said.
She seen Rita.
Wouldn't say she is, but
she said other stuff.
There's this painter.
A house painter?
More like an artist.
She said Rita's been doingsome modeling for him.
You know, posing and stuff.
You'd do better paintingthe couch without me on it.
It's just a shitty couch.
Just a shitty person.
She reckons that's not
all she's been doing.
She can do what she likes.
Nothing to do with me.
This dealer, what's his name?
Marty Johnston.
I have to deliver a paintingto this lawyer fellow.
You want to come?
I try to avoid lawyers.
This guy is different.
You'll have fun.
Fun is good, by the way.
Fine, sure, whatever.
Cool.
Have you got a car?
[inaudible] you here to haveyour way with some dolly bird?
Never.
This is business.
Though if you wanted toget one out of your system,
stress relief, there'd
be plenty of takers.
Jesus Christ.
Ted Bloody West.
I'd say lock up your valuables,but there's no point with you
around.
Mr. McEwen I don't believewe've officially met.
I know who you are.
We move in the same circles.
I thought it was more that youcircled round people like me.
Are you calling
me a shark, Ted?
I was thinking more oneof them birds that flies.
So, what brings
you to my party?
Marty we should drop by.
Stepping up into
the big time, hey?
Just, you know,
having a catch up.
Leave you boys to it.
Anything, you need, [inaudible].
Mm.
Let's get this over with. thisplace is giving me the shits.
Bilkey.
Hey, Marty.
This is Ted I told you about.
Ted, Marty Johnston.
Bilkey said you'reinterested in having a chat.
Plenty of time for that, Ted.
Relax.
Enjoy.
Business later.
Business now if
you don't mind.
We won't be staying long.
Have it your own way.
You know what I do, right?
Bilkey has clued me in.
And you're a safe man.
Safe as houses.
No, I mean you're
one of the old breed.
Safe--
I know what you mean.
How's the safe
cracking business
working out for you these days?
It's fine.
Is that why you
are talking to me?
Just keeping an open
mind to the future.
Wise man.
Because I'll tell you one thing.
The future is not in safes.
Right.
And where do you keep
your money then, Marty?
In circulation,
Ted, like a fish.
- Fish.
- Always moving.
Making more money.
Fair enough.
None for me.
You got something
against drugs, Ted?
Tried mescaline once.
Scared the heck out of me soI stick to beer these days.
All the more for me then.
Come on, ladies.
And we're off.
Oh, fuck me.
I need someone here
looking after my shit
who isn't some fuckingjunkie trying to rip me off.
Now Bilkey says that you area man that can be trusted.
Are you?
Yeah, I'd like to think so.
Good.
Then we can do business.
I don't know anything
about your business.
Not a problem.
I tell you what to do.
Your job will be to get it done.
In return, money will
rain down upon you.
Do we have a deal?
No.
We have something to talk about.
I like and respect that.
I'm here for another couple ofdays and then the offer is off.
All good?
Up to a point.
Gents.
We should shoot through.
This place isn't for us.
I don't' know.
You seem quite at home here.
Let's stick around for a gander.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Oh.
Whoa!
Yeah!
Carol.
Ted.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
Sorry, Rita.
You lost the right to allquestions about what the fuck
I'm doing anywhere when
you walked out on us.
Gotta love a lawyer who
pays cash on the nose.
Hey, mate.
[crack]
Didn't to hit him.
Oh well, call
me old fashioned,
but when I see a bloke with hishands all over my wife's tits,
smacking him seemed like
the logical thing to do.
Then you need to stopthinking of me as your wife.
So that's it, is it?
All those years of marriage justwalked out the door with you?
Isn't that what's
best for everyone?
You get mad Rita
out of your life
so you don't have to
sleep with one eye open.
Stop looking at me like that.
It really what you want?
Nothing in this
world is what I want.
But it's what should be.
And what about your son?
The one who thinksthat I tried to kill him?
Because I did.
Because if you hadn't walkedin when you did, I would have.
Guilty.
Your Honor.
He's better off without me.
Oh, that's shit
and you know it.
You didn't see what
I saw in his eyes.
I can't go back to that.
Trust me when I say, you
need to forget about me
and you need to
get away from here.
These people are not you, Ted,so don't try being one of them.
So how did it go with Marty?
Marty's an idiot,
be dead within a year.
No way we're having
anything to do with him.
You got that from afive minute conversation?
Got that when I
copped eyes on him.
The conversation
just confirmed it.
So we're leaving or what?
Waiting.
For Rita?
For dark.
Why?
We need a job.
And there's a safe
in McEwen's office.
How's the safe
cracking business
working out for you these days?
It's fine.
You out of your fucking tree?
He'll know it was us.
So what?
No one likes him.
No one will lift a fingerif he gets turned out.
Ted, you're not
thinking clearly.
Seeing Rita has messed--
This has nothing
to do with her.
He has money.
We need money.
So we wait.
End of bloody story.
[SLURRING] You think it'sOK to leave your friend there?
She can take care of herself.
Whoa.
Get you in.
Two minutes.
WOMAN: To get in my pants.
I know what guys are like.
MARTY: I bet you do.
So you'd really
pay for our tickets?
And the rest.
I've always wanted
to go to London.
It's the best
city in the world.
I have to ask Rita.
Well, does Rita
like traveling too?
Yeah.
We've been talking about
going away together.
Bring her along.
In the meantime,
a little gratitude
goes a long way in my book.
OK.
I knew you never like my--
Jesus, Ngaire.
No need to throw it all
over the bloody floor.
What are you talking a--
Well, not me, I'm afraid.
What?
Think some kind of point?
I always liked your cooking.
Oh, right.
That makes sense.
I'll clean it up later.
No way.
Wolf can do it.
He's not here.
Of course he's not.
Look, you don't have to
keep cleaning for us.
Why not?
There's no one at my
house to make a mess.
And the kids are
staying at my sister's.
They are.
And as for Lefty.
It this the bit where you tellme Lefty was with you tonight?
No.
It's not.
Funny how life works out.
I chose the rat and
you chose the psycho.
Should have stuck with
our original choices.
Yeah, you think?
[SINGING] Go to sea, boy.
Get to sea.
My luck in the gutter black.
I guess I'm running back to you.
You in my way.
You in my heart.
You in my brain.
Come on, soldier.
Time to go.
I want my bed back.
Wakie, wakie.
Wake up!
Oh, shit!
Help!
I need help in here!
It's OK.
We got this.
Come on!
Wake the fuck up!
[gasp]
It's all right, mate.
You're back.
Shit happens round
here from time to time.
You'll get used to it.
[knocking]
You seriously stole a shitloadof cash from Des McEwen.
It was an opportunity
and I took it.
And yeah, the cash was a shitload and you get your cut.
So why is there a problem?
It's Des Fucking
McEwen's cash.
Which he took from
working men like us.
Ted, we get that
you're not exactly
thinking straight
ever since Rita
went Looney Tunes, but this--[crack]
Jesus, dude!
No one talks about
my wife like that.
What wife?
You don't have a wife.
She went off the deepend in your [inaudible]..
Leave him, Ted.
You're only hurting him becausehe's telling you the truth.
The truth.
You want the truth?
Oh, Ted, don't
At least my wife isn't handingout blow jobs to drug dealers.
[crack]
What the fuck
is going on here?
Des.
We was just talking about you.
Really, Bilkey?
Hope you were saying
that the stuff you stole
from Des McEwen, that you reallymust get it back to him pronto.
What stuff is that?
You really want to
play this game, Ted?
We don't know anything
about any stuff.
Didn't walk out of my
house with a suitcase
that didn't belong to you?
Nope.
Means nothing.
Look at me.
Look at my face.
It doesn't look too good, Des.
How much does a beating
like that cost you?
A fucking comedian.
The stuff that you stole
belongs to the people
who did this to me.
Just imagine what
they will do to you.
So you listen to me.
I don't give a shit aboutyou and your little empire
you've got going on out here inthe middle of fucking nowhere.
You do not register
on my fucking radar.
That suitcase however, does.
And if you do not return
that suitcase today,
you will open the door to aworld of pain that none of you
will survive.
You got that?
I will await your visit.
Thanks, Ted, for draggingus into your world of shit.
Just give it back to him, OK?
So the rest of us can
continue breathing.
What he said.
Does it strike you
as odd that he never
actually used the word money?
Just the word suitcase.
Was that the very
satisfying sound of you
hitting my husband?
It's OK, Ted.
Bilkey is good at keepingsecrets, aren't you, Bilkey?
Like the grave.
I'm going to go play thegood wife and to his wounds.
Call it a reminder of
what you could have had.
Hey, you were
the one suggesting
I needed stress relief.
Yeah, with a nameless
tart, not Ngaire.
Feels a bit heavy for
something that's empty.
Not so stupid after all.
Just a go-between, Des.
Is that so?
Like I said, it's
nothing to do with us.
But I did track down
what you're after.
As a sign of good faith.
Ladies, I'm offering youfirst class air fares, the best
hotels and more money
than you've ever
dreamed of in your entire life.
To take all your risk.
I'm trusting you with
my valuable product.
Risk and reward.
[knocking]
Guys are here with the thing.
Thank you, Des.
Excuse me, girls.
Business to attend to.
I'll be right back.
So, what do you think?
I offer you a job andthis is how you repay me?
No idea what
you're talking about.
Des comes to us,something about a suitcase.
That's how you
want to play it.
Do you want the
suitcase or not?
You don't have
a choice in that.
Marty, there's
always a choice.
It's what you
choose that matters.
Des, seeing is it
was you who fucked
up and lost my merchandise.
You didn't take
any for yourself.
I was asked to
bring back a suitcase.
That's all I know about.
Just a minute because someother things were taken.
No idea about
any of that, Des.
I like you, Ted.
I like your style.
Despite all this, the
offer still stands.
Sorry.
Just us girls.
What are you doing here?
Job interview as it turns out.
You?
Same.
I thought I told
you to stay away.
Do you two know each other?
Once upon a time.
It was never a fairy tale.
Look, I don't know what thehell you guys got going on,
but you girls wait
in the office.
No.
Because we're not
your fucking girls
and we don't want anything to dowith your fucked up operation.
That's not entirely--
Shut up, Carol,
I'm saving your life.
Fine, whatever.
Fuck off then.
I hope that when you
do finally go down,
it's one of your girls
that does you in.
And I hope you
never see it coming.
You shouldn't be here.
I'm well aware
of that, thank you.
Come on, Carol.
You got your stuff back.
We square here?
Are you also saying no to me?
Oh hell yes.
Rita.
Hey.
Bilkey will take Carolwherever she needs to go.
You're coming with me.
Since when do you
get to order me around?
It's the bit in the church.
You said love cherish and obey.
From memory, I skipped
over the obey bit.
Well, I definitely said thein sickness and in health bit.
You think I'm sick?
I think you were.
Judging from what
I saw in there,
I reckon you might be better.
Come home with me.
Why?
Why would you want that?
Because despite everything,I love you, the real you.
The you standing up for
your friend in there,
the you standing here now.
Her I fucking love.
Because I can't see my
life without her in it.
What about Wolf?
What about him?
We sit him down.
We tell him there
was this other woman.
It was a long time ago
and she's gone now.
I've done some pretty
bad things lately.
Yeah.
Well, who hasn't?
They were other people andthey don't matter any more.
That doesn't change
the fact that I
love you more than anything.
You better now?
Yeah.
Your father saved me,
just like he saved you.
Are you going
to go away again?
No.
Not if I can help it.
Good.
Oh!
It's OK.
It's OK as long as I've got you.
It's OK, son.
[theme music]